README.md, before:

Hey y'all, I'm Daniel! I'm a Software Engineer at Crunchyroll in Chișinău, Moldova. I started my coding journey early in the last year of high school when I got the occasion to learn and work at a small local startup, VS Art. For about a year and a half, I've been doing some freelance projects and static themes for the Themeforest marketplace. Next, I landed on another small local startup, Fruitware. During nine months, I worked on a variety of small projects, mostly Front-end but also some PHP for CRUD admins and a browser extension for Yandex. After that, I landed at Amdaris and worked there for about five years, the most prolonged period yet. Besides helping other teams with the UI work and maintaining some older projects, I've been the main Front-end developer for a new project. We built a data analytics platform focused on ease of reading the data using colorful, custom charts. Finally, Crunchyroll, the place where fun/entertainment meets work. It's a lot of joy to work here, especially as I'm a fan of anime and manga myself. Here I work on maintaining and developing Crunchyroll and VRV web apps.

Besides my primary work, starting summer 2016, I've joined the team at GirlsGoIT as a mentor at their events. During those boot camps and summer camps, I've been responsible for teaching girls, mostly from high school, the basics of web development, the main scope being an extra boost of motivation for choosing a career in tech.

## My little portfolio/projects I've worked on


### VS Art

- [VSResume - Online CV / Resume Template](https://themes.vsart.me/vsresume/)
- [Paradise Cakes - eCommerce Landing Page](https://themes.vsart.me/cakes/)
- [Odiss - Travel/Booking Landing Page](https://themes.vsart.me/odiss/)
- [EatLand - eCommerce Landing Page](https://themes.vsart.me/eatland/)
- [Triablo - eCommerce Landing Page](https://themes.vsart.me/triablo)

Commit message:

Add works links from Amdaris and Crunchyroll

README.md, after:

Hey y'all, I'm Daniel! I'm a Software Engineer at Crunchyroll in Chișinău, Moldova. I started my coding journey early in the last year of high school when I got the occasion to learn and work at a small local startup, VS Art. For about a year and a half, I've been doing some freelance projects and static themes for the Themeforest marketplace. Next, I landed on another small local startup, Fruitware. During nine months, I worked on a variety of small projects, mostly Front-end but also some PHP for CRUD admins and a browser extension for Yandex. After that, I landed at Amdaris and worked there for about five years, the most prolonged period yet. Besides helping other teams with the UI work and maintaining some older projects, I've been the main Front-end developer for a new project. We built a data analytics platform focused on ease of reading the data using colorful, custom charts. Finally, Crunchyroll, the place where fun/entertainment meets work. It's a lot of joy to work here, especially as I'm a fan of anime and manga myself. Here I work on maintaining and developing Crunchyroll and VRV web apps.

Besides my primary work, starting summer 2016, I've joined the team at GirlsGoIT as a mentor at their events. During those boot camps and summer camps, I've been responsible for teaching girls, mostly from high school, the basics of web development, the main scope being an extra boost of motivation for choosing a career in tech.

## My little portfolio/projects I've worked on

### Crunchyroll

- [Crunchyroll](https://www.crunchyroll.com/) - maintenance and development
- [VRV](https://vrv.co/) - maintenance and development

### Amdaris

- [Northstar](https://northstar.ai/) - the landing page as well as the web app
- [nkoda](https://nkoda.com/) - \the landing page

### VS Art

- [VSResume - Online CV / Resume Template](https://themes.vsart.me/vsresume/)
- [Paradise Cakes - eCommerce Landing Page](https://themes.vsart.me/cakes/)
- [Odiss - Travel/Booking Landing Page](https://themes.vsart.me/odiss/)
- [EatLand - eCommerce Landing Page](https://themes.vsart.me/eatland/)
- [Triablo - eCommerce Landing Page](https://themes.vsart.me/triablo)
